DOCS-10084 landing page (#128)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/asset-types.adoc

= Asset Types
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

Exchange supports these asset types:

> * Connectors - Packaged connectivity to an endpoint developed and deployed on Anypoint Platform with third-party APIs and standard integration protocols

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace space-hyphen-space with colon-space, per style ref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Connectors: Packaged connectivity to an endpoint, developed and deployed on Anypoint Platform by using third-party APIs and standard integration protocols
```

+
Use connectors within your application's flows to send and receive data using a protocol or specific API. Anypoint Studio comes with many bundled connectors, and Exchange has many more.
* Templates - Packaged integration patterns built on best practices to address common use cases
+

> You can add your information such as user credentials to complete the template's use case or solution, and you can customize or extend templates as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add your information, such as user credentials, to complete the template's use case or solution, and you can customize or extend templates as needed.
```

> * Examples - Applications that are ready to run in Anypoint Studio and demonstrate a use case or solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Examples - Applications that are ready to run in Anypoint Studio and that demonstrate a use case or solution
```
better:
```suggestion
* Examples - Applications that demonstrate a use case or solution and are ready to run in Anypoint Studio.
```

> * Policies - Configuration modules to extend the functionality of an API and enforce capabilities such as security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Policies - Configuration modules that extend the functionality of an API and enforce capabilities such as security
```

> * REST APIs - A RAML file or OAS file that specifies an API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* REST APIs: RAML or OAS files that specify an API
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY ensure that the type and the description match in terms of number (singular or plural).
You can modify either element when they are not, as long as you modify all list items in a consistent way.

+

> These APIs can be referenced by an HTTP Request connector to expose metadata to Anypoint Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST APIs can be referenced by an HTTP Request connector to expose metadata to Anypoint Studio.
```

> * AsyncAPI specifications - An AsyncAPI specification file that specifies an event-driven API

Reviewer: plural "specifications" but singular "specification file"?
How about
```suggestion
* AsyncAPI specifications: AsyncAPI files that specify event-driven APIs
```

* SOAP APIs - A WSDL file that specifies an API
* HTTP APIs - A placeholder for an endpoint for use by private Exchange users who want to manage the endpoint with API Manager

> * API Groups - A set of APIs bundled into a single asset

Reviewer: ditto numerical agreement

Reviewer: Also capitalization: API Groups > API groups

+

> Instead of requesting access to multiple APIs to satisfy a use case, a developer can access the group in one step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of making multiple requests for access to multiple APIs to satisfy a use case, a developer makes one request for one bundle of APIs.
```

> * API Specification Fragments - A RAML document that has a version and an identifier, but is not in itself a complete RAML specification

Reviewer: numerical agreement

+

> API specification fragments are also known as RAML fragments.

Reviewer: "called," "known as", and similar introductions to names or terms are formatted using italic:
```suggestion
API specification fragments are also known as _RAML fragments_.
```

> * Custom - A description and an optional file to explain aspects of your system, to provide instructional videos, or to describe product or organizational documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Custom: A description and, optionally, a file that explains aspects of your system, provides instructional videos, or describes product or organizational documentation
```
